Ms. Lin
Do you think your company can get to where it is today?
Is it your efforts?
Tiger, what do you mean?
Do not speak
Don't talk about this
Time to get down to business
big brother
Please calm down
Yes, yes, yes, hahaha.
We are all brothers of the Heaven and Earth Alliance.
The family does not speak two words, hahaha brother.
Family when they violated my daughter
But you treat me like a brother
Treat me as a family
big brother
You calm down
They are all just children haha
Just for fun
Hey, that's right, that's right.
Playing for a while hahaha
You two bastards
Why don't you hurry up and apologize to the big brother and the lady?
Miss Zhenzhen
Please give me another chance.
We know we were wrong.
It's all Mr. Jiang
It's all his fault
Miss Zhen
Please give us another chance. I ask you
The ninth of the 36th covenant
What is it?
Talk back
Not the underworld
Brother wife daughter
Do not insult brothers and sisters
violator
Divided by horses
Good you didn't forget
You are the first offender
Hey
Cut off your hands